As for the condensation process itself, Mrs. Morgan said it was so laborious and time-consuming that it had discouraged
more than one publisher from entering the condensed-book field. ''We have had very little competition over the years,''
she said. ''Condensing books looks deceptively simple, but in reality it takes as many as eight editors four months of
hard work to do one book.''

In the process, Mrs. Morgan explained, a book is cut 30 to 50 percent. ''In special cases, such as James Michener's '
Texas,' for instance, which was originally 1,100 pages, we cut even more - it went from 1,100 to 360 pages.'' She added
that authors -who do not see the condensed version of their books before they are published - were satisfied with the
results.

''There are times when a minor scene may come out, when paragraphs are cut, but mostly we cut words within a sentence,
or lines within a paragraph.'' Describing the process, Mrs. Morgan explained that the first editor might cut 30 to 50
percent of the book. A second editor then questions everything the first editor has cut. ''Then the manuscript goes to
the volume editor, who settles the differences between the first and second cut.'' she said. ''Next a fresh eye,
belonging to another editor who has not read the original, reads the condensation at every stage. The copy editors read
for grammar and consistency and researchers check for accuracy. But we never rewrite, only delete; in 700 condensations
we have never had a complaint from an author. Some have even admitted that our version reads better than the original,
and many have written to thank us.''

For the books abroad, Mrs. Morgan said, ''we have 19 foreign editors -each of them puts out their own editions, which
include books written by local authors, or by authors from other countries besides the United States.''

When asked how she felt about those who scoffed and said condensed books were no alternative to the real thing, Mrs.
Morgan replied:

''We don't think of everyone as a potential subscriber. But to my way of thinking we're performing a valuable service by
encouraging people to read by introducing them to a variety of books that they might never have read or even heard of.

''We often choose little-known or new authors. For example, the time we selected 'All Creatures Great and Small' by
James Herriot and 'Ordinary People' by Judith Guest, the authors were virtually unknown. Our books are well edited and
highly entertaining, and we give the reader four or five books for less than the price of one full-length book. And
because they arrive every other month they promote regular
reading.''https://www.nytimes.com/1987/08/02/nyregion/new-editor-at-digest-s-condensed-books.html# $(FILE_NAME)
