babel==2.16.0
    # via mkdocs-material
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-click
    #   mkdocstrings
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   griffe
    #   mkdocs-material
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
griffe==1.5.1
    # via mkdocstrings-python
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-click
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocstrings
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   mkdocs-autorefs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
mkdocs-autorefs==1.2.0
    # via
    #   mkdocstrings
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocs-click==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-material==9.5.42
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mkdocstrings==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   mkdocstrings-python
mkdocstrings-python==1.12.2
    # via mkdocstrings
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -c requirements/test.txt
    #   mkdocs
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   mkdocstrings
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==10.11.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocstrings
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   ghp-import
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
regex==2024.9.11
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   mkdocs-material
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   python-dateutil
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/dev.txt
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   requests
watchdog==5.0.3
    # via mkdocs
