LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
setup.cfg
wsgi.py
cacao_accounting/I18N.py
cacao_accounting/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/__main__.py
cacao_accounting/cache.py
cacao_accounting/cli.py
cacao_accounting/config.py
cacao_accounting/decorators.py
cacao_accounting/logs.py
cacao_accounting/server.py
cacao_accounting.egg-info/PKG-INFO
cacao_accounting.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
cacao_accounting.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
cacao_accounting.egg-info/entry_points.txt
cacao_accounting.egg-info/requires.txt
cacao_accounting.egg-info/top_level.txt
cacao_accounting/admin/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/admin/registros/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/admin/templates/admin.html
cacao_accounting/admin/templates/admin/modulos.html
cacao_accounting/api/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/api/templates/empy.html
cacao_accounting/app/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/app/templates/app.html
cacao_accounting/app/templates/development.html
cacao_accounting/auth/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/auth/forms.py
cacao_accounting/auth/permisos.py
cacao_accounting/auth/roles.py
cacao_accounting/auth/templates/login.html
cacao_accounting/auth/templates/test_roles.html
cacao_accounting/bancos/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/bancos/templates/bancos.html
cacao_accounting/compras/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/compras/templates/compras.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/auxiliares.py
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/forms.py
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/ctas/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/ctas/catalogos/base.csv
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/gl/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/gl/static/gl.js
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/gl/templates/gl_lista.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/gl/templates/gl_new.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/centro-costo.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/centro-costo_lista.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/cuenta.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/cuenta_lista.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/entidad.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/entidad_crear.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/entidad_editar.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/entidad_lista.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/moneda_lista.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/periodo_lista.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/proyecto_lista.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/serie_crear.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/serie_lista.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/tc_lista.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/unidad.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/unidad_crear.html
cacao_accounting/contabilidad/templates/contabilidad/unidad_lista.html
cacao_accounting/database/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/database/helpers.py
cacao_accounting/datos/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/datos/base/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/datos/base/data.py
cacao_accounting/datos/dev/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/datos/dev/data.py
cacao_accounting/exceptions/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/exceptions/mensajes.py
cacao_accounting/gl/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/inventario/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/inventario/templates/inventario.html
cacao_accounting/modulos/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/static/manifest.json
cacao_accounting/static/package-lock.json
cacao_accounting/static/package.json
cacao_accounting/static/css/cacaoaccounting.css
cacao_accounting/static/css/dashboard.css
cacao_accounting/static/css/purecss-treeview.css
cacao_accounting/static/css/signin.css
cacao_accounting/static/media/Cacao Accounting SVG.svg
cacao_accounting/static/media/Cacao Accounting-01.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/brand.svg
cacao_accounting/static/media/cacao_accounting _logo.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/cacao_accounting _logo.svg
cacao_accounting/static/media/cacao_accounting.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/cacao_accounting.svg
cacao_accounting/static/media/cacao_logo.svg
cacao_accounting/static/media/circle-solid.svg
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon-16x16.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon-32x32.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/Linux/Cacao Accounting 16px.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/Linux/Cacao Accounting 256px.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/Linux/Cacao Accounting 32px.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/Linux/Cacao Accounting 48px.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/Linux/Cacao Accounting 64px.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/Linux/Cacao Accounting Ícono SVG.svg
cacao_accounting/static/media/Web/Cacao Accounting SVG.svg
cacao_accounting/static/media/Web/Cacao Accounting Ícono SVG.svg
cacao_accounting/static/media/Web/Cacao Accounting-01.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/Web/Cacao Accounting.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/Windows/Cacao Accounting 16px.ico
cacao_accounting/static/media/Windows/Cacao Accounting 256px.ico
cacao_accounting/static/media/Windows/Cacao Accounting 32px.ico
cacao_accounting/static/media/Windows/Cacao Accounting 48px.ico
cacao_accounting/static/media/Windows/Cacao Accounting 64px.ico
cacao_accounting/static/media/Windows/Cacao Accounting múltilple tamaño.ico
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/android-icon-144x144.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/android-icon-192x192.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/android-icon-36x36.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/android-icon-48x48.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/android-icon-72x72.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/android-icon-96x96.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon-114x114.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon-120x120.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon-144x144.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon-152x152.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon-180x180.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon-57x57.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon-60x60.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon-72x72.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon-76x76.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon-precomposed.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/apple-icon.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/favicon-16x16.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/favicon-32x32.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/favicon-96x96.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/favicon.ico
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/ms-icon-144x144.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/ms-icon-150x150.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/ms-icon-310x310.png
cacao_accounting/static/media/favicon/ms-icon-70x70.png
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/.package-lock.json
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/package.json
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/cjs/enums.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/cjs/popper-base.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/cjs/popper-lite.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/cjs/popper.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/createPopper.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/enums.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/index.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/popper-base.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/popper-lite.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/popper.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/types.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/contains.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getBoundingClientRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getClippingRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getCompositeRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getComputedStyle.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getDocumentElement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getDocumentRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getHTMLElementScroll.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getLayoutRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getNodeName.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getNodeScroll.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getOffsetParent.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getParentNode.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getScrollParent.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getViewportRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getWindow.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getWindowScroll.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/getWindowScrollBarX.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/instanceOf.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/isLayoutViewport.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/isScrollParent.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/isTableElement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/dom-utils/listScrollParents.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/modifiers/applyStyles.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/modifiers/arrow.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/modifiers/computeStyles.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/modifiers/eventListeners.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/modifiers/flip.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/modifiers/hide.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/modifiers/index.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/modifiers/offset.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/modifiers/popperOffsets.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/modifiers/preventOverflow.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/computeAutoPlacement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/computeOffsets.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/debounce.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/detectOverflow.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/expandToHashMap.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/getAltAxis.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/getAltLen.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/getBasePlacement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/getFreshSideObject.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/getMainAxisFromPlacement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/getOppositePlacement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/getOppositeVariationPlacement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/getVariation.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/math.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/mergeByName.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/mergePaddingObject.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/orderModifiers.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/rectToClientRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/uniqueBy.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/userAgent.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/esm/utils/within.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/umd/enums.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/umd/enums.min.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/umd/popper-base.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/umd/popper-base.min.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/umd/popper-lite.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/umd/popper-lite.min.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/umd/popper.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/dist/umd/popper.min.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/createPopper.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/enums.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/index.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/popper-base.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/popper-lite.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/popper.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/types.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/contains.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getBoundingClientRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getClippingRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getCompositeRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getComputedStyle.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getDocumentElement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getDocumentRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getHTMLElementScroll.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getLayoutRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getNodeName.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getNodeScroll.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getOffsetParent.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getParentNode.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getScrollParent.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getViewportRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getWindow.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getWindowScroll.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/getWindowScrollBarX.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/instanceOf.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/isLayoutViewport.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/isScrollParent.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/isTableElement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/dom-utils/listScrollParents.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/modifiers/applyStyles.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/modifiers/arrow.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/modifiers/computeStyles.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/modifiers/eventListeners.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/modifiers/flip.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/modifiers/hide.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/modifiers/index.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/modifiers/offset.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/modifiers/popperOffsets.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/modifiers/preventOverflow.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/computeAutoPlacement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/computeOffsets.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/debounce.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/detectOverflow.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/expandToHashMap.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/getAltAxis.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/getAltLen.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/getBasePlacement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/getFreshSideObject.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/getMainAxisFromPlacement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/getOppositePlacement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/getOppositeVariationPlacement.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/getVariation.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/math.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/mergeByName.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/mergePaddingObject.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/orderModifiers.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/rectToClientRect.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/uniqueBy.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/userAgent.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/@popperjs/core/lib/utils/within.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/package.json
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/bootstrap-icons.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/package.json
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/font/bootstrap-icons.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/font/bootstrap-icons.json
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/font/bootstrap-icons.min.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/font/fonts/bootstrap-icons.woff
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/font/fonts/bootstrap-icons.woff2
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/0-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/0-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/0-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/0-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/1-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/1-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/1-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/1-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/123.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/2-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/2-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/2-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/2-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/3-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/3-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/3-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/3-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/4-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/4-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/4-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/4-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/5-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/5-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/5-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/5-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/6-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/6-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/6-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/6-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/7-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/7-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/7-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/7-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/8-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/8-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/8-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/8-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/9-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/9-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/9-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/9-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/activity.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/airplane-engines-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/airplane-engines.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/airplane-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/airplane.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/alarm-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/alarm.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/alexa.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/align-bottom.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/align-center.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/align-end.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/align-middle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/align-start.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/align-top.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/alipay.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/alphabet-uppercase.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/alphabet.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/alt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/amazon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/amd.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/android.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/android2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/app-indicator.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/app.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/apple.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/archive-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/archive.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-90deg-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-90deg-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-90deg-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-90deg-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-bar-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-bar-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-bar-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-bar-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-clockwise.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-counterclockwise.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-left-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-left-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-left-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-left-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-right-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-right-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-right-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-right-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-short.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-left-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-left-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-left-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-left-short.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-left-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-left-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-repeat.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-return-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-return-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-right-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-right-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-right-short.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-right-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-right-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-through-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-through-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-left-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-left-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-left-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-left-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-right-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-right-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-right-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-right-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-short.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrow-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrows-angle-contract.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrows-angle-expand.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrows-collapse-vertical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrows-collapse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrows-expand-vertical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrows-expand.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrows-fullscreen.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrows-move.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrows-vertical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/arrows.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/aspect-ratio-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/aspect-ratio.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/asterisk.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/at.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/award-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/award.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/back.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backpack-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backpack.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backpack2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backpack2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backpack3-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backpack3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backpack4-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backpack4.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backspace-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backspace-reverse-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backspace-reverse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/backspace.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-3d-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-3d.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-4k-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-4k.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-8k-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-8k.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-ad-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-ad.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-ar-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-ar.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-cc-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-cc.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-hd-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-hd.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-sd-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-sd.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-tm-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-tm.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-vo-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-vo.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-vr-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-vr.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-wc-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/badge-wc.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-dash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bag.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/balloon-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/balloon-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/balloon-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/balloon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ban-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ban.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bandaid-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bandaid.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bank.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bank2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bar-chart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bar-chart-line-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bar-chart-line.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bar-chart-steps.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bar-chart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/basket-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/basket.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/basket2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/basket2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/basket3-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/basket3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/battery-charging.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/battery-full.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/battery-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/battery.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/behance.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bell-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bell-slash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bell-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bell.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bezier.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bezier2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bicycle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bing.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/binoculars-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/binoculars.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/blockquote-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/blockquote-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bluetooth.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/body-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/book-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/book-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/book.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-dash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-star-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-star.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmark.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmarks-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookmarks.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bookshelf.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/boombox-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/boombox.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bootstrap-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bootstrap-reboot.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bootstrap.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-all.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-bottom.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-center.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-inner.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-middle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-outer.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-style.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-top.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border-width.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/border.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bounding-box-circles.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bounding-box.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-down-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-down-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-in-down-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-in-down-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-in-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-in-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-in-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-in-up-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-in-up-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-in-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-up-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-up-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-arrow-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-seam-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box-seam.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box2-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box2-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/box2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/boxes.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/braces-asterisk.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/braces.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bricks.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/briefcase-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/briefcase.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brightness-alt-high-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brightness-alt-high.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brightness-alt-low-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brightness-alt-low.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brightness-high-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brightness-high.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brightness-low-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brightness-low.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brilliance.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/broadcast-pin.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/broadcast.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/browser-chrome.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/browser-edge.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/browser-firefox.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/browser-safari.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brush-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/brush.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bucket-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bucket.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bug-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bug.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-add.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill-add.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill-gear.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill-lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-gear.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/building.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/buildings-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/buildings.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bullseye.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bus-front-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/bus-front.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/c-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/c-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/c-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/c-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cake-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cake.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cake2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cake2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calculator-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calculator.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-date-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-date.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-day-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-day.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-event-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-event.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-minus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-month-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-month.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-range-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-range.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-week-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-week.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-date-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-date.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-day-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-day.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-event-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-event.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-minus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-month-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-month.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-range-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-range.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-week-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-week.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar3-event-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar3-event.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar3-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar3-range-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar3-range.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar3-week-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar3-week.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar4-event.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar4-range.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar4-week.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/calendar4.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/camera-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/camera-reels-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/camera-reels.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/camera-video-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/camera-video-off-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/camera-video-off.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/camera-video.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/camera.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/camera2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/capslock-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/capslock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/capsule-pill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/capsule.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/car-front-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/car-front.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/card-checklist.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/card-heading.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/card-image.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/card-list.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/card-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-down-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-down-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-down-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-left-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-left-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-left-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-right-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-right-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-right-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-up-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-up-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-up-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/caret-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart-dash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cart4.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cash-coin.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cash-stack.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cassette-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cassette.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cast.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cc-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cc-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cc-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cc-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-dots-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-dots.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-left-dots-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-left-dots.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-left-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-left-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-left-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-left-quote-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-left-quote.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-left-text-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-left-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-quote-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-quote.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-right-dots-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-right-dots.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-right-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-right-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-right-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-right-quote-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-right-quote.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-right-text-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-right-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-square-dots-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-square-dots.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-square-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-square-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-square-quote-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-square-quote.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-square-text-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-square-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-text-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chat.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check-all.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check-lg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check2-all.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check2-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check2-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/check2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-bar-contract.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-bar-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-bar-expand.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-bar-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-bar-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-bar-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-compact-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-compact-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-compact-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-compact-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-contract.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-double-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-double-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-double-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-double-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-expand.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/chevron-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/circle-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/circle-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-data-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-data.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-minus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-pulse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-data-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-data.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-minus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-pulse-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-pulse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clipboard2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clock-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clock-history.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-arrow-down-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-arrow-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-arrow-up-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-arrow-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-download-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-download.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-drizzle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-drizzle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-fog-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-fog.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-fog2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-fog2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-hail-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-hail.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-haze-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-haze.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-haze2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-haze2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-lightning-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-lightning-rain-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-lightning-rain.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-lightning.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-minus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-moon-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-moon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-rain-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-rain-heavy-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-rain-heavy.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-rain.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-slash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-sleet-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-sleet.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-snow-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-snow.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-sun-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-sun.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-upload-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud-upload.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloud.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clouds-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/clouds.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloudy-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cloudy.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/code-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/code-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/code.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/coin.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/collection-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/collection-play-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/collection-play.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/collection.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/columns-gap.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/columns.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/command.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/compass-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/compass.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cone-striped.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cone.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/controller.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cookie.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/copy.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cpu-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cpu.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/credit-card-2-back-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/credit-card-2-back.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/credit-card-2-front-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/credit-card-2-front.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/credit-card-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/credit-card.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/crop.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/crosshair.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/crosshair2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cup-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cup-hot-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cup-hot.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cup-straw.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cup.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/currency-bitcoin.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/currency-dollar.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/currency-euro.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/currency-exchange.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/currency-pound.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/currency-rupee.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/currency-yen.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cursor-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cursor-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/cursor.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dash-circle-dotted.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dash-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dash-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dash-lg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dash-square-dotted.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dash-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dash-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-add.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill-add.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill-gear.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill-lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-gear.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/database.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/device-hdd-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/device-hdd.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/device-ssd-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/device-ssd.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/diagram-2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/diagram-2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/diagram-3-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/diagram-3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/diamond-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/diamond-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/diamond.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-1-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-1.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-3-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-4-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-4.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-5-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-5.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-6-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dice-6.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/disc-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/disc.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/discord.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/display-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/display.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/displayport-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/displayport.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/distribute-horizontal.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/distribute-vertical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/door-closed-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/door-closed.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/door-open-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/door-open.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dot.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/download.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dpad-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dpad.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dribbble.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/dropbox.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/droplet-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/droplet-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/droplet.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/duffle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/duffle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ear-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ear.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/earbuds.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/easel-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/easel.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/easel2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/easel2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/easel3-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/easel3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/egg-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/egg-fried.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/egg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/eject-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/eject.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-angry-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-angry.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-astonished-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-astonished.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-dizzy-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-dizzy.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-expressionless-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-expressionless.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-frown-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-frown.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-grimace-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-grimace.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-grin-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-grin.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-heart-eyes-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-heart-eyes.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-kiss-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-kiss.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-laughing-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-laughing.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-neutral-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-neutral.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-smile-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-smile-upside-down-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-smile-upside-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-smile.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-sunglasses-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-sunglasses.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-surprise-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-surprise.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-tear-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-tear.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-wink-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/emoji-wink.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-arrow-down-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-arrow-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-arrow-up-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-arrow-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-at-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-at.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-dash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-exclamation-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-open-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-open-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-open-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-open.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-paper-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-paper-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-paper-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-paper.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-slash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/envelope.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/eraser-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/eraser.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/escape.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ethernet.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ev-front-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ev-front.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ev-station-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ev-station.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-diamond-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-diamond.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-lg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-octagon-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-octagon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-triangle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation-triangle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exclude.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/explicit-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/explicit.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/exposure.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/eye-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/eye-slash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/eye-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/eye.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/eyedropper.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/eyeglasses.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/facebook.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fan.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fast-forward-btn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fast-forward-btn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fast-forward-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fast-forward-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fast-forward-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fast-forward.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/feather.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/feather2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-arrow-down-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-arrow-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-arrow-up-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-arrow-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-bar-graph-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-bar-graph.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-binary-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-binary.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-break-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-break.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-code-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-code.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-diff-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-diff.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-arrow-down-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-arrow-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-arrow-up-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-arrow-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-bar-graph-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-bar-graph.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-binary-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-binary.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-break-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-break.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-code-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-code.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-diff-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-diff.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-easel-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-easel.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-excel-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-excel.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-font-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-font.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-image-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-image.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-lock-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-lock2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-lock2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-medical-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-medical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-minus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-music-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-music.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-pdf-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-pdf.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-person-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-person.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-play-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-play.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-post-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-post.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-ppt-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-ppt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-richtext-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-richtext.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-ruled-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-ruled.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-slides-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-slides.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-spreadsheet-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-spreadsheet.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-text-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-word-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-word.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-zip-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark-zip.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-earmark.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-easel-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-easel.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-excel-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-excel.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-font-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-font.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-image-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-image.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-lock-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-lock2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-lock2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-medical-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-medical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-minus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-music-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-music.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-pdf-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-pdf.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-person-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-person.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-play-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-play.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-post-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-post.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-ppt-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-ppt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-richtext-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-richtext.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-ruled-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-ruled.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-slides-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-slides.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-spreadsheet-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-spreadsheet.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-text-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-word-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-word.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-zip-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file-zip.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/file.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/files-alt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/files.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-aac.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-ai.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-bmp.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-cs.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-css.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-csv.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-doc.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-docx.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-exe.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-gif.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-heic.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-html.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-java.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-jpg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-js.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-json.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-jsx.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-key.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-m4p.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-md.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-mdx.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-mov.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-mp3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-mp4.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-otf.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-pdf.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-php.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-png.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-ppt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-pptx.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-psd.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-py.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-raw.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-rb.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-sass.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-scss.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-sh.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-sql.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-svg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-tiff.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-tsx.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-ttf.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-txt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-wav.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-woff.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-xls.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-xlsx.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-xml.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filetype-yml.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/film.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filter-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filter-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filter-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filter-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filter-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filter-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/filter.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fingerprint.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fire.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/flag-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/flag.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/floppy-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/floppy.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/floppy2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/floppy2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/flower1.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/flower2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/flower3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/folder-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/folder-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/folder-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/folder-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/folder-symlink-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/folder-symlink.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/folder-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/folder.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/folder2-open.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/folder2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fonts.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/forward-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/forward.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/front.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fuel-pump-diesel-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fuel-pump-diesel.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fuel-pump-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fuel-pump.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fullscreen-exit.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/fullscreen.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/funnel-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/funnel.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gear-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gear-wide-connected.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gear-wide.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gear.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gem.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gender-ambiguous.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gender-female.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gender-male.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gender-neuter.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gender-trans.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/geo-alt-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/geo-alt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/geo-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/geo.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gift-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gift.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/git.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/github.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gitlab.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/globe-americas.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/globe-asia-australia.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/globe-central-south-asia.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/globe-europe-africa.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/globe.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/globe2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/google-play.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/google.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/gpu-card.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/graph-down-arrow.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/graph-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/graph-up-arrow.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/graph-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grid-1x2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grid-1x2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grid-3x2-gap-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grid-3x2-gap.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grid-3x2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grid-3x3-gap-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grid-3x3-gap.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grid-3x3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grid-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grid.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grip-horizontal.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/grip-vertical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/h-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/h-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/h-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/h-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hammer.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hand-index-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hand-index-thumb-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hand-index-thumb.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hand-index.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hand-thumbs-down-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hand-thumbs-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hand-thumbs-up-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hand-thumbs-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/handbag-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/handbag.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hdd-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hdd-network-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hdd-network.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hdd-rack-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hdd-rack.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hdd-stack-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hdd-stack.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hdd.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hdmi-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hdmi.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/headphones.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/headset-vr.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/headset.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heart-arrow.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heart-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heart-pulse-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heart-pulse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heartbreak-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heartbreak.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hearts.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heptagon-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heptagon-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/heptagon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hexagon-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hexagon-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hexagon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/highlighter.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/highlights.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hospital-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hospital.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hourglass-bottom.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hourglass-split.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hourglass-top.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hourglass.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-add-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-add.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-dash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-door-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-door.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-down-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-exclamation-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-gear-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-gear.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-lock-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-slash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-up-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/house.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/houses-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/houses.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hr.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hurricane.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/hypnotize.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/image-alt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/image-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/image.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/images.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/inbox-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/inbox.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/inboxes-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/inboxes.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/incognito.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/indent.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/infinity.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/info-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/info-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/info-lg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/info-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/info-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/info.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/input-cursor-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/input-cursor.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/instagram.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/intersect.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-album.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-arrow-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-arrow-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-bookmark-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-bookmark.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-code.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-medical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-richtext.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-text.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journal.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/journals.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/joystick.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/justify-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/justify-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/justify.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/kanban-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/kanban.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/key-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/key.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/keyboard-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/keyboard.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ladder.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lamp-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lamp.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/laptop-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/laptop.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layer-backward.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layer-forward.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layers-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layers-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layers.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-sidebar-inset-reverse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-sidebar-inset.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-sidebar-reverse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-sidebar.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-split.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-text-sidebar-reverse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-text-sidebar.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-text-window-reverse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-text-window.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-three-columns.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/layout-wtf.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/life-preserver.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lightbulb-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lightbulb-off-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lightbulb-off.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lightbulb.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lightning-charge-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lightning-charge.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lightning-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lightning.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/line.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/link-45deg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/link.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/linkedin.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/list-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/list-columns-reverse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/list-columns.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/list-nested.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/list-ol.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/list-stars.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/list-task.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/list-ul.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/list.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lock-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/luggage-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/luggage.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lungs-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/lungs.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/magic.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/magnet-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/magnet.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mailbox-flag.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mailbox.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mailbox2-flag.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mailbox2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/map-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/map.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/markdown-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/markdown.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/marker-tip.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mask.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mastodon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/medium.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/megaphone-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/megaphone.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/memory.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/menu-app-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/menu-app.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/menu-button-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/menu-button-wide-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/menu-button-wide.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/menu-button.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/menu-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/menu-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/messenger.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/meta.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mic-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mic-mute-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mic-mute.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mic.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/microsoft-teams.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/microsoft.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/minecart-loaded.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/minecart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/modem-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/modem.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/moisture.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/moon-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/moon-stars-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/moon-stars.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/moon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mortarboard-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mortarboard.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/motherboard-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/motherboard.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mouse-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mouse.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mouse2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mouse2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mouse3-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/mouse3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/music-note-beamed.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/music-note-list.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/music-note.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/music-player-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/music-player.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/newspaper.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/nintendo-switch.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/node-minus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/node-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/node-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/node-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/noise-reduction.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/nut-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/nut.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/nvidia.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/nvme-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/nvme.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/octagon-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/octagon-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/octagon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/opencollective.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/optical-audio-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/optical-audio.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/option.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/outlet.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/p-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/p-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/p-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/p-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/paint-bucket.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/palette-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/palette.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/palette2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/paperclip.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/paragraph.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pass-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pass.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/passport-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/passport.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/patch-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/patch-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/patch-exclamation-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/patch-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/patch-minus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/patch-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/patch-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/patch-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/patch-question-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/patch-question.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pause-btn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pause-btn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pause-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pause-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pause-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pause.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/paypal.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pc-display-horizontal.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pc-display.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pc-horizontal.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pc.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pci-card-network.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pci-card-sound.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pci-card.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/peace-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/peace.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pen-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pen.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pencil-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pencil-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pencil.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pentagon-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pentagon-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pentagon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/people-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/people.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/percent.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-add.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-arms-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-badge-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-badge.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-bounding-box.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-dash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill-add.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill-gear.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill-lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-gear.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-hearts.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-lines-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-raised-hand.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-rolodex.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-standing-dress.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-standing.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-vcard-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-vcard.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-video.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-video2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-video3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-walking.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-wheelchair.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-workspace.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/person.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/phone-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/phone-flip.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/phone-landscape-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/phone-landscape.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/phone-vibrate-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/phone-vibrate.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/phone.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pie-chart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pie-chart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/piggy-bank-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/piggy-bank.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pin-angle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pin-angle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pin-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pin-map-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pin-map.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pin.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pinterest.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pip-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/pip.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/play-btn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/play-btn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/play-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/play-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/play-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/play.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/playstation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plug-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plug.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plugin.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plus-circle-dotted.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plus-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plus-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plus-lg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plus-slash-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plus-square-dotted.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plus-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plus-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/postage-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/postage-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/postage-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/postage.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/postcard-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/postcard-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/postcard-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/postcard.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/power.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/prescription.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/prescription2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/printer-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/printer.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/projector-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/projector.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/puzzle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/puzzle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/qr-code-scan.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/qr-code.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/question-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/question-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/question-diamond-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/question-diamond.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/question-lg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/question-octagon-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/question-octagon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/question-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/question-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/question.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/quora.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/quote.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/r-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/r-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/r-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/r-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/radar.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/radioactive.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rainbow.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/receipt-cutoff.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/receipt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/reception-0.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/reception-1.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/reception-2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/reception-3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/reception-4.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/record-btn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/record-btn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/record-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/record-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/record-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/record.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/record2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/record2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/recycle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/reddit.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/regex.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/repeat-1.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/repeat.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/reply-all-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/reply-all.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/reply-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/reply.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rewind-btn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rewind-btn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rewind-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rewind-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rewind-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rewind.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/robot.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rocket-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rocket-takeoff-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rocket-takeoff.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rocket.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/router-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/router.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rss-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rss.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/rulers.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/safe-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/safe.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/safe2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/safe2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/save-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/save.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/save2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/save2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/scissors.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/scooter.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/screwdriver.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sd-card-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sd-card.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/search-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/search-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/search.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/segmented-nav.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-arrow-down-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-arrow-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-arrow-up-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-arrow-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-check-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-dash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-exclamation-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-slash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/send.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/server.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shadows.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/share-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/share.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-fill-check.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-fill-exclamation.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-fill-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-fill-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-fill-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-lock-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-lock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-shaded.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-slash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shield.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shift-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shift.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shop-window.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shop.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/shuffle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-dead-end-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-dead-end.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-do-not-enter-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-do-not-enter.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-intersection-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-intersection-side-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-intersection-side.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-intersection-t-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-intersection-t.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-intersection-y-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-intersection-y.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-intersection.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-merge-left-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-merge-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-merge-right-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-merge-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-no-left-turn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-no-left-turn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-no-parking-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-no-parking.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-no-right-turn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-no-right-turn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-railroad-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-railroad.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-stop-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-stop-lights-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-stop-lights.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-stop.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-turn-left-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-turn-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-turn-right-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-turn-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-turn-slight-left-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-turn-slight-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-turn-slight-right-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-turn-slight-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-yield-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sign-yield.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/signal.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/signpost-2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/signpost-2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/signpost-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/signpost-split-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/signpost-split.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/signpost.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sim-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sim-slash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sim-slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sim.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sina-weibo.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-backward-btn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-backward-btn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-backward-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-backward-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-backward-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-backward.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-end-btn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-end-btn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-end-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-end-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-end-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-end.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-forward-btn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-forward-btn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-forward-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-forward-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-forward-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-forward.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-start-btn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-start-btn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-start-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-start-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-start-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skip-start.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/skype.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/slack.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/slash-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/slash-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/slash-lg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/slash-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/slash-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/slash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sliders.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sliders2-vertical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sliders2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/smartwatch.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/snapchat.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/snow.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/snow2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/snow3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-alpha-down-alt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-alpha-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-alpha-up-alt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-alpha-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-down-alt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-numeric-down-alt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-numeric-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-numeric-up-alt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-numeric-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-up-alt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sort-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/soundwave.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sourceforge.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/speaker-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/speaker.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/speedometer.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/speedometer2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/spellcheck.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/spotify.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/square-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stack-overflow.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stack.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/star-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/star-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/star.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stars.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/steam.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stickies-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stickies.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sticky-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sticky.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stop-btn-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stop-btn.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stop-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stop-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stop-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stop.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stoplights-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stoplights.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stopwatch-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stopwatch.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/strava.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/stripe.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/subscript.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/substack.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/subtract.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suit-club-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suit-club.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suit-diamond-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suit-diamond.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suit-heart-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suit-heart.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suit-spade-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suit-spade.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suitcase-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suitcase-lg-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suitcase-lg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suitcase.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suitcase2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/suitcase2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sun-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sun.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sunglasses.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sunrise-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sunrise.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sunset-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/sunset.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/superscript.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/symmetry-horizontal.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/symmetry-vertical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/table.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tablet-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tablet-landscape-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tablet-landscape.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tablet.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tag-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tag.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tags-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tags.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/taxi-front-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/taxi-front.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telegram.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-forward-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-forward.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-inbound-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-inbound.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-minus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-minus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-outbound-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-outbound.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-plus-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-x-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/telephone.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tencent-qq.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/terminal-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/terminal-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/terminal-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/terminal-split.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/terminal-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/terminal.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/text-center.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/text-indent-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/text-indent-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/text-left.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/text-paragraph.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/text-right.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/text-wrap.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/textarea-resize.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/textarea-t.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/textarea.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/thermometer-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/thermometer-high.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/thermometer-low.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/thermometer-snow.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/thermometer-sun.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/thermometer.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/threads-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/threads.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/three-dots-vertical.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/three-dots.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/thunderbolt-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/thunderbolt.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ticket-detailed-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ticket-detailed.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ticket-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ticket-perforated-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ticket-perforated.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ticket.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tiktok.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/toggle-off.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/toggle-on.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/toggle2-off.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/toggle2-on.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/toggles.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/toggles2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tools.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tornado.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/train-freight-front-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/train-freight-front.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/train-front-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/train-front.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/train-lightrail-front-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/train-lightrail-front.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/translate.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/transparency.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/trash-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/trash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/trash2-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/trash2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/trash3-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/trash3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tree-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tree.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/trello.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/triangle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/triangle-half.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/triangle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/trophy-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/trophy.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tropical-storm.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/truck-flatbed.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/truck-front-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/truck-front.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/truck.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tsunami.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tv-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/tv.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/twitch.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/twitter-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/twitter.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type-bold.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type-h1.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type-h2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type-h3.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type-h4.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type-h5.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type-h6.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type-italic.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type-strikethrough.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type-underline.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/type.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ubuntu.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ui-checks-grid.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ui-checks.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ui-radios-grid.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/ui-radios.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/umbrella-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/umbrella.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/unindent.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/union.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/unity.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/universal-access-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/universal-access.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/unlock-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/unlock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/upc-scan.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/upc.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/upload.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-c-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-c.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-drive-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-drive.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-micro-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-micro.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-mini-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-mini.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-plug-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-plug.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb-symbol.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/usb.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/valentine.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/valentine2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/vector-pen.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/view-list.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/view-stacked.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/vignette.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/vimeo.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/vinyl-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/vinyl.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/virus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/virus2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/voicemail.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/volume-down-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/volume-down.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/volume-mute-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/volume-mute.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/volume-off-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/volume-off.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/volume-up-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/volume-up.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/vr.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wallet-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wallet.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wallet2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/watch.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/water.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/webcam-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/webcam.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wechat.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/whatsapp.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wifi-1.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wifi-2.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wifi-off.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wifi.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wikipedia.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wind.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/window-dash.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/window-desktop.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/window-dock.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/window-fullscreen.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/window-plus.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/window-sidebar.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/window-split.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/window-stack.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/window-x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/window.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/windows.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wordpress.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wrench-adjustable-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wrench-adjustable-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wrench-adjustable.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/wrench.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/x-circle-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/x-circle.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/x-diamond-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/x-diamond.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/x-lg.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/x-octagon-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/x-octagon.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/x-square-fill.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/x-square.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/x.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/xbox.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/yelp.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/yin-yang.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/youtube.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/zoom-in.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap-icons/icons/zoom-out.svg
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-grid.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-grid.min.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-grid.rtl.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-grid.rtl.min.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-reboot.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-reboot.min.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-reboot.rtl.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-reboot.rtl.min.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-utilities.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-utilities.min.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-utilities.rtl.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap-utilities.rtl.min.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.rtl.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.rtl.min.css
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.esm.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.esm.min.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.min.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/index.esm.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/index.umd.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/alert.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/base-component.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/button.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/carousel.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/collapse.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/dropdown.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/modal.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/offcanvas.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/popover.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/scrollspy.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/tab.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/toast.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/tooltip.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/dom/data.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/dom/event-handler.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/dom/manipulator.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/dom/selector-engine.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/util/backdrop.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/util/component-functions.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/util/config.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/util/focustrap.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/util/index.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/util/sanitizer.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/util/scrollbar.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/util/swipe.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/dist/util/template-factory.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/alert.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/base-component.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/button.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/carousel.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/collapse.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/dropdown.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/modal.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/offcanvas.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/popover.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/scrollspy.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/tab.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/toast.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/tooltip.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/dom/data.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/dom/event-handler.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/dom/manipulator.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/dom/selector-engine.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/util/backdrop.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/util/component-functions.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/util/config.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/util/focustrap.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/util/index.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/util/sanitizer.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/util/scrollbar.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/util/swipe.js
cacao_accounting/static/node_modules/bootstrap/js/src/util/template-factory.js
cacao_accounting/templates/400.html
cacao_accounting/templates/403.html
cacao_accounting/templates/404.html
cacao_accounting/templates/base.html
cacao_accounting/templates/macros.html
cacao_accounting/templates/setup/setup.html
cacao_accounting/validaciones/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/ventas/__init__.py
cacao_accounting/ventas/templates/ventas.html
cacao_accounting/version/__init__.py
tests/test_basicos.py
tests/test_forms.py
tests/test_vistas.py
tests/test_webactions.py